nixos/less: add lessopen=null default changelog entry to 25.05 (#367737)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md

- `linuxPackages.nvidiaPackages.dc_520` has been removed since it is marked broken and there are better newer alternatives.

> - `programs.less.lessopen` set default preprocessor to null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `programs.less.lessopen` is now null by default. To restore the previous behaviour, set it to `''${lib.getBin pkgs.lesspipe "lesspipe.sh"} %s''`.
```

Author: Thanks @FliegendeWurst, Ive incorporated that into the commit

Reviewer: Oh I mistyped. It should be lib.getExe' not lib.getBin

> - `programs.less.lessopen` is now null by default. To restore the previous behaviour, set it to `''${lib.getBin pkgs.lesspipe "lesspipe.sh"} %s''`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `programs.less.lessopen` is now null by default. To restore the previous behaviour, set it to `''${lib.getExe' pkgs.lesspipe "lesspipe.sh"} %s''`.
```

Author: Good catch on the `|` too, thanks @eclairevoyant and @FliegendeWurst
